[Music]
any real cities you walk you know you
brush past people people bump into you
in LA nobody touches you we're always
behind this metal and glass a [ __ ]
bollocks go thinking about that bullet
to came to your window it's wrong they
all right I am angry all the time and I
don't know why put your hands on top of
your head man well you just do what he
says now do you have any guns or knives
or anything I might get stuck with your
brother's file kids going away for life
for stealing a car I need to do you make
his disappearance to frame a potentially
innocent
did you find your brother Oh him become
home
[Music]
why do you keep everybody certain
distance huh what you start to feel
something in panic what I need is a
husband who will not just stand it what
did you want me to do get us both shot
oh geez I just had a gun pointed in my
face and it was my fault because I knew
it was gonna happen
had some plain sight step out of the
vehicle honey say side man don't walk up
on me I don't know your
you think you know you are you have no
idea
[Music]
you have a conversation with God huh
what did God say
I'm trying to help you I didn't ask for
your help did I
[Music]
it's okay daddy I'll protect you
it's the sense of touch I think we
missed that touch so much that we crash
into each other just so we can feel
something
something else when people mad people
[Music]